Ink Age
Heaven and Earth Reiki Decline
Heaven does not appear
cyclic interrupt
The gods of heaven do not appear
Demons infested the world
Renjie Zhang Shoucheng
How do you grind
With a king
I was fired.
No, manager.
I work as a porter for at least 3,000 yuan a month
Why is it only 100?
Hey
I remember now.
Your overalls
1,000 yuan, 1,000 yuan for your shoes.
You eat and drink
You have to pay us both
What manager?
You know it too
I'm in a hurry to buy a house and get married. You can't fool people.
What are you?
Let me corrupt you, do you deserve it?
Take the money and pay off the debt
Otherwise, I'll kill you, do you hear me?
Clean up and he won't give the brothers hurry up and pay for some cigarettes
What kind of money can he come up with?
Kneel down for the brothers
Maybe we can spare you
Free 2,000 yuan for you, hahahahahaha.
Hahaha, don't make me pay and get out.
Hahahahahaha
You deserve it. You can't afford a house.
I bah hahaha
wimp
You deserve it.
Hahahaha
You you
Ah, our mother wants to make a down payment for you.
Go to school to collect waste
As a result, he was beaten to be reborn
I haven't woken up yet.
Come quickly, brother
What!
Where is our mother now
I'll be right back
Zhang Shoucheng, this is heaven and earth